"[Stamp] Jamaica
 To all to whom these presents shall come or may in any wise concern Benjamin Waterhouse of the Parish of Kingston in the County of Surry in the said Island Esquire sends Greeting. Know ye that for and in consideration of the sum of one hundred and forty pounds current money of Jamaica to him in hand well and truly paid by Thomas Hinde, Colin Campbell, and John O'Hara of the same Parish, County, and Island aforesaid, Merchants and Carpenters, at or immediately before the ensiling and delivery of these presents (the receipt whereof he the said Benjamin Waterhouse doth hereby acknowledge) and thereon and therefore and of and from every part of parcel thereof doth hereby acquit, release, exonerate and discharge the same Thomas Hind, Colin Campbell, and John O'Hara, their heirs, executors and administrators, and each and every of them forever by these presents, He the said Benjamin Waterhouse hath manumissed, enfranchised, and forever set free and at liberty and by these presents doth manumise, enfranchise and forever set free and at liberty from all manner of slavery, servitude and bondage whatsoever a certain negro Man SLave named Alexander alias Alexander Beard being now wholly the property of the said Benjamin Waterhouse, from all manner of servitude & slavery whatever. So hold the said liberty and freedom hereby granted unto him the said Negroe Man from henceforth and forever now. In witness whereof the said Benjamin Waterhouse hath hereunto set his hand and seal. 26 July 1796

 Received on this day & year the above written of and from Thomas Hinde, Colin Campbell and John O'Hara in the above manumission named the sum of one hundred and forty pounds currency being the full consideration money in the said manumission mentioned to be by them paid to B. Waterhouse. 

 Be it remember that on this 27th Day of July 1796 personally appeared before me W. Carmichaell Junr. of the Parish of Kingston in the county of Surry in the said Island. Gentlman the subscribing witness to the execution of the within written deed of manumission who being duly swon made oath and said that he was present did see Benjamin Waterhouse therein named sign seal and as for his own proper act and deed deliver the same.

 South Carolina: Personally appeared William Daniel O'Hara who being duly sworn made oath that he is well acquainted with Benjamin Waterhouse and William Carmichael Junior and with the manner for form of their respective hand writing having frequently seen them write and sign their names and that verily he believes the name B. Baterhouse signed as the party executing the within instrument of writing and also the receipt thereunder written, and the name W. Carmichael Junior signed as the witness to the due execution of the same, as well as to the said receipt to be the proper hand writing or signatures of the said Benjamin Waterhouse & William Carmichael Jr. Sworn to 24 Oct. 1798"
